Mastering Delphi 2005 source code - README.TXT

The source code of the book Mastering Borland Delphi 2005 is available on the 
author and publisher web sites. For information about the book see 
http://www.marcocantu.com and http://www.sybex.com.

Projects are organized by chapter. You can open and compile specific project. 

For compiling an entire chapter open the chapter project group file (in the 
chapter folder) or the separate groups files hosting the Win32 and the .NET 
applications of the chapter.


All the source code is Copyright Marco Cantù 2005

SYBEX and the author hereby grant to you a license to use the Software, subject
to the terms that follow. Your purchase, acceptance, or use of the Software will
constitute your acceptance of such terms.
The source code is provided as-is with no garantuees whatsoever. Its only scope
is to help you learn Delphi.
The source code is protected by copyright to Marco Cantù. You are hereby granted
a single-user license to use compile and test the programs and to include any
code portion in programs you are developing. You are not allowed to publish and
reproduce the code as it is. Feeel free to direct others to the downalod page.
The author is in no way responsible for providing any support for the source 
code, nor is it liable or responsible for any support provided, or not provided. 
Feel free to psot corrections and comments directly to the author via his 
newsgroups or email.

The author makes no warranty or representation, either expressed or implied,
with respect to the source code or its contents, quality, performance,
merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. In no event will the
author, its publisher, its distributors, or dealers be liable to you or any
other party for direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, or other
damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the code or its contents
even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
